**Quick links:** [PDF form](http://simap.ted.europa.eu/documents/10184/99173/EN_F14.pdf) | [sample XML](https://github.com/open-contracting/european-union-support/blob/master/output/samples/F14_2014.xml)

F14 is about changes to the *notice*. See the [Instructions for the use of the standard form 14 "Corrigendum" (F14)](http://simap.ted.europa.eu/documents/10184/166101/Instructions+for+the+use+of+F14_EN.pdf/909e4b38-1871-49a1-a206-7a5976a2d262).

Similar to [F20](../F20), the European Commission in its [eForms consultation](https://github.com/eForms/eForms) proposes to republish notices – adding a short section to summarize and justify the change – instead of using F14 ([see discussion](https://github.com/eForms/eForms/issues/72)).

## Release model

[Create an OCDS release](../operations#create-a-release) and:

1. Add 'tenderUpdate' to `tag`.

## What's new

If you have already implemented all prior forms, this notice adds:

* [VI.6](#VI.6) Original notice reference
* [VII](#VII) Changes

## Guidance for `/CHANGES/CHANGE`

The XML elements for Section VII don't map directly to OCDS fields. They require step-by-step instructions instead of field-by-field guidance.

1. Download "Form labels R2.0.9 (zip)" from [TED schemas](https://publications.europa.eu/en/web/eu-vocabularies/tedschemas)

### Using the OCDS HTML mapping tables

1. If the form is not in English, use the Forms labels spreadsheet above to look up the **English label** for the value in `/CHANGES/CHANGE/WHERE/LABEL` (*Place of text to be modified*). The value in `/@LG` (the language of the form) is the column in which to search for this value. The "EN" column in the same row as the matching cell contains the English label.
1. Search this documentation website for the English label to find the OCDS guidance. Use the value in `/CHANGES/CHANGE/WHERE/SECTION` (*Section number*) to disambiguate, if there are multiple mappings for the English label.
1. If the label has no guidance, use the guidance in the rows that follow. For example, for *Estimated total value*, use the guidance for *Value excluding VAT* and *Currency*.
1. If the OCDS guidance pertains to a lot, find the `Lot` object in `tender.lots` whose `.id` matches the value in `/CHANGES/CHANGE/WHERE/LOT_NO` (*Lot No*). Then, follow the guidance as usual.

### Using the OCDS CSV mapping files

1. If the form is not in English, use the Forms labels spreadsheet above to look up the **label key** for the value in `/CHANGES/CHANGE/WHERE/LABEL` (*Place of text to be modified*). The value in `/@LG` (the language of the form) is the column in which to search for this value. The "Label" column in the same row as the matching cell contains the label key.
2. Search the [OCDS CSV mapping files](https://github.com/open-contracting/european-union-support/tree/master/output/mapping) for the label key. Use the value in `/CHANGES/CHANGE/WHERE/SECTION` (*Section number*) to disambiguate, if there are multiple mappings for the label key.
1. If the label key has no guidance, use the guidance in the rows that follow. For example, for `value_magnitude_estimated_total`, use the guidance for `value_excl_vat` and `currency`.
1. If the OCDS guidance pertains to a lot, find the `Lot` object in `tender.lots` whose `.id` matches the value in `/CHANGES/CHANGE/WHERE/LOT_NO` (*Lot No*). Then, follow the guidance as usual.
